[MOANING]
IS THAT ME?
OH NO--WHAT DID I DO?
JIM!
IF HE CAN USE GAIA--
THEN I'M A GONER...
I'M PLAYING
SUPER POLYMERIZATION--
WITH THAT--I CAN
FUSE MY MONSTER
WITH ANY MONSTER
FROM YOUR FIELD!
COMBINING TO FORM
YOUR DOOM!
Supreme King:
EVIL GAIA!
DESTROY HIM
WITH DARK CATASTROPHE!
NO-O-O-O-O-O!!!
Jaden: NOT AXEL TOO!
THE POWER OF THE ORICHALCUM,
BROUGHT JADEN BACK.
PROMISE THAT
YOU'LL LOOK AFTER HIM.
Jaden: I'M SORRY.
I'M SO SORRY!
AAH! AAH!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS, YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON,
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Zane: YOU OKAY, JADEN?
I'M NOT SURE, I JUST HAD
THE SCARIEST DREAM...
Aster: NO KIDDING,
YOU WOKE UP SCREAMING...
HEY...WHERE'S AXEL?
WHERE'S JIM?
[SIGH]
IT WASN'T A DREAM,
IT WAS ALL REAL.
I SENT THEM AWAY.
HOW-- HOW COULD
I DO THAT...?
EASY NOW, JADEN.
YOU WERE THE SUPREME
KING'S PUPPET.
THE DARKNESS
INSIDE YOU
TOOK CONTROL.
BUT I LET IT TAKE OVER
'CAUSE I WAS WEAK.
WELL, THE DARKNESS
IS GONE NOW,
BUT YOUR FRIEND
JESSE ISN'T!
I KNOW YOU'RE
UPSET AND ALL,
BUT RIGHT NOW--
YOUR FRIENDS
NEED YOU
TO GET IT TOGETHER
SO WE CAN
FIND JESSE.
"FRIENDS?"
YEAH, RIGHT.
AFTER THE STUFF I PULLED,
WHO WOULD WANT ME
AS A FRIEND?
[SOBBING]
COME ON...
Aster: HE'S REALLY
BURNING UP.
Zane: SET HIM DOWN.
Aster: REST UP, JADEN,
YOU'RE GOING TO
NEED IT.
Adrian: AFTER ALL MY SEARCHING,
I'VE FINALLY FOUND YOU.
TO THINK THAT IMPRISONED
BEHIND THAT DOOR
LIES THE POWER I NEED
TO RULE THIS WORLD.
IT'S TIME
TO BREAK YOUR SEAL!
WHEN I FINALLY CONFRONTED YUBEL
AND SAW THAT HE POSSESSED
THE CARDS TO SUMMON OUT EXODIA,
I KNEW THE POWER I DESIRED.
AT FIRST, HE DIDN'T THINK
I WAS WORTHY OF THEM,
BUT HE COULD SEE THAT I WOULD DO
ANYTHING TO POSSESS SUCH POWER.
I ALWAYS PROMISED TO PUT OTHERS
AHEAD OF MY AMBITIONS,
BUT NOW, THAT MUST CHANGE.
I MUST BE RUTHLESS.
I MUST PUT NOTHING BEFORE
MY DESIRE TO RULE THIS WORLD.
BUT IN ORDER TO BREAK THE SEAL
AND RELEASE EXODIA,
SOMEONE MUST BE WILLING
TO OFFER UP THEIR
DUEL ENERGY TO HIM..
BUT WHO WOULD DO THAT FOR ME?
ECHO...OF COURSE...
I HOPE HIS
FEVER BREAKS.
Aster: TAKE A LOOK
AT THIS, ZANE.
SUPER POLYMERIZATION.
IT'S THAT
NEW FUSION CARD.
I WONDER WHERE JADEN
COULD HAVE FOUND
A CARD SO POWERFUL.
WE MAY NEVER KNOW,
ALONG WITH ME NEVER KNOWING
IF I COULD HAVE
TAKEN DOWN THE KING MYSELF.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
DIDN'T YOU
WATCH HIM DUEL?
YES, I DID,
HE WAS DANGEROUS.
HE WAS MENACING,
AND POWERFUL, AND RUTHLESS.
DOES THAT SOUND LIKE
ANYONE ELSE YOU KNOW?
WHATEVER, ZANE.
YOU KNOW, EVERYONE ELSE
IS JUST WORRIED ABOUT
GETTING OUT OF HERE.
IT'S NOT
A GAME ANYMORE.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
OUR FRIENDS MAY BE
GONE FOR GOOD.
AND YOU, YOU'RE JUST
MORE CONCERNED WITH
FINDING A GOOD MATCH.
THINK ABOUT IT, ZANE--
WE ALMOST LOST JADEN.
INTERESTING-- YOU'VE
DEVELOPED A SOFT SIDE.
HAVE NOT!
[CROWLER SCREAMS]
GO AWAY, SHOO!
[SCREAMING]
THIS WAY!
WAIT, MISS ECHO!
AGAIN...
WHAT ON EARTH?
CYBER DRAGON
AND DIAMOND DUDE!
THAT MUST MEAN...!
ASTER PHOENIX!
ZANE!
IT'S ME,
YOUR LOVING TEACHER!
HOW LUCKY TO BUMP
INTO YOU! AAH!
WHO IS THAT?
THAT'S MISS ECHO.
SHE WAS NEAR ME
AT THE ACADEMY.
THEN, THAT PORTAL OPENED,
AND WE WERE BOTH SUCKED
INTO THE BIG LIGHT.
Echo: ADRIAN!
WHO'S THERE?
DON'T EGG ME ON...
[GASP]
Crowler: AND WHEN
THE LIGHT FADED,
WE FOUND OURSELVES
IN THIS PLACE.
WELL, WELCOME
TO NOWHERE.
SYRUS IS
RIGHT OVER THERE.
AND WE
RECENTLY MANAGED
TO HOOK UP
WITH JADEN TOO,
BUT HE, UH--
OH, EXCELLENT!
WITH JADEN
BACKING ME UP,
THE MONSTERS HERE
DON'T STAND A CHANCE!
WE MAY EVEN
GET OUT OF THIS PLACE!
HOLD UP.
JADEN ISN'T DOING SO GOOD.
Crowler: WHAT HAPPENED?
WHERE DO I START?
AT THE TOP.
HEY, ISN'T THAT
THE, UH, TRANSFER STUDENT?
THAT'S WEIRD.
WHAT'S HIS PIC DOING
IN HER LOCKET?
HOW DO THEY KNOW EACH OTHER?
Crowler: SO YOU'RE SAYING THAT
JADEN WAS THE SUPREME KING,
AND HE SENT BOTH
JIM AND AXEL TO THE STARS...
Aster: THAT'S IT
IN A NUTSHELL.
HOW WILL I EVER EXPLAIN THIS
TO CHANCELLOR SHEPHERD...
[SNIFF] SOUNDS LIKE
MY TENURE
IS ON
THE LINE AGAIN,
ESPECIALLY AFTER
THAT WHOLE
DISAPPEARING DUEL ACADEMY
FIASCO... OH, DEAR ME.
WHY DO I ALWAYS
FIND MYSELF MIXED UP
IN ALL THESE HIJINKS....
HEY, UH, ECHO?
YES, ASTER?
IS THIS YOURS?
I FOUND IT
ON THE GROUND.
I LOOKED INSIDE.
SORRY, BUT I WAS
JUST CURIOUS.
THAT PICTURE
IN THERE--
THAT'S THAT ADRIAN
KID, ISN'T IT?
YOU LOOKIN' FOR 'IM?
HE CAME
TO THAT WORLD
WITH THE OTHERS
THE FIRST TIME.
DIDN'T HE?
AND JUST LIKE
JESSE,
HE NEVER
MADE IT BACK.
SO LIKE JADEN
CAME LOOKING
TO RESCUE JESSE,
YOU'RE HERE
TO RESCUE ADRIAN.
BE QUIET.
YOU DON'T KNOW.
SO ARE YOU
HIS GIRLFRIEND?
THAT'S NONE
OF YOUR BUSINESS.
DID I HIT A NERVE?
THAT'S IT, ISN'T IT?
WHY DONTCHA BACK OFF?
I GET IT.
HE DOESN'T KNOW HOW
YA' FEEL... DOES HE?
UH-UH.
UH-HUH.
I COULD NEVER
TELL HIM THE TRUTH.
HE MUSTN'T FIND OUT.
HE HAS ENOUGH
ON HIS MIND ALREADY.
HE DOESN'T NEED
ANOTHER DISTRACTION.
ANOTHER DISTRACTION
FROM WHAT?
FROM BECOMING KING.
HE'S DESTINED
TO RULE THIS WORLD,
BUT HE-- HE ALWAYS PUTS
THE NEEDS OF OTHERS
BEFORE HIS OWN.
I WOULD DO ANYTHING
TO SEE HIM
IN HIS RIGHTFUL PLACE,
EVEN IF IT MEANS
HIDING THE TRUTH.
OKAY, YOU JUST WENT
TO A REALLY
WEIRD PLACE.
I WAS WITH YOU
TILL THE KING THING.
DON'T MAKE FUN!
SEE THIS?
THE PERSON INSIDE
IS YOUR BETTER.
HE IS STRONGER
THAN ALL OF YOU.
HE'S SMARTER,
AND HE IS KIND.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
IS THIS FOG?
FEEL THAT?
DID IT GET COLDER?
WHAT IS THIS?
Aster: JADEN!
ZANE! WATCH THE OTHERS!
MISS ECHO!
COME HERE,
I'LL PROTECT YOU!
THEN, I'M GOING
TO HELP ASTER.
WAIT, YOU MUST
PROTECT ME!
THIS FOG...
THIS COLD...
Ojama Yellow:
HOLD ME!
I'M FREEZING!
Aster: WHAT'S THIS?
EVERYONE, TRY TO HOLD ON
AND STICK TOGETHER...
WHAT HAPPENED?
I CAN'T BE CERTAIN,
BUT I THINK WE WERE
JUST TELEPORTED HERE.
MISS ECHO,
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
[MOANS]
JADEN, YOU OKAY?
I AM NOT LIKING THIS.
[GASP]
Aster: SOMEONE'S COMING!
IT'S ADRIAN.
YOU MEAN
THE TRANSFER KID?
ADRIAN...
SO GOOD TO SEE YOU!
WE WERE ALL WORRIED.
AFTER YOU WERE
LEFT BEHIND,
I THOUGHT WE'D NEVER
HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN.
[THINKING] I DON'T TRUST
THIS GUY.
I WASN'T
LEFT BEHIND, CROWLER.
I STAYED.
I CHOSE TO STICK AROUND.
YOU DID?
SO YOU...
YOU'VE BEEN HERE
ALL THIS TIME?
DID YOU
SEE JESSE?
AFRAID NOT.
OH MAN... AH!
LOOK! IT'S
THAT CREEPY ARM!
NO WAY!
YOU'VE TEAMED UP
WITH YUBEL,
LIKE VIPER
AND MARCEL!
AAH!
ECHO...SO GOOD
TO SEE YOU.
I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR THIS MOMENT.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
AND WHY ARE YOU STARING
AT ME LIKE THAT?
[CHUCKLES] I'M JUST
HAPPY TO SEE YOU.
DON'T TRUST
THIS GUY.
ADRIAN!
COME WITH ME, ECHO.
I DON'T WANT TO GO
WITH YOU.
YOU'RE SCARING ME.
THAT WASN'T A REQUEST!
ECHO! ARE YOU ALRIGHT?!
Aster: ADRIAN!
LEAVE HER ALONE!
I'M ONLY GOING TO
TELL YOU ONCE--
THIS IS BETWEEN
ME AND ECHO.
NOT ANYMORE!
DIDN'T YOU HEAR
WHAT SHE JUST SAID?
SHE DOESN'T WANNA
GO ANYWHERE WITH YOU.
Adrian: IS THAT SO?
DON'T YOU WANT
THE BEST FOR ME, ECHO?
I CAN'T DO IT ALONE.
WITHOUT YOU, I CAN'T
ACHIEVE GREATNESS.
I NEED YOU.
WON'T YOU HELP?
YOU SEE, I MUST
HAVE ALL YOUR
DUEL ENERGY, ECHO,
IN ORDER TO BE KING!
DUEL ENERGY?
THAT'S RIGHT.
BUT SHE'LL...
NOT A CHANCE!
LISTEN, PLEASE!
ECHO, JUST COME
OVER HERE RIGHT NOW.
LET HER GO, ADRIAN!
AAH!
OR WHAT?
OR YOU'LL ANSWER TO ME!
IF YOU REALLY
WANT ECHO...
YOU BETTER BE
READY TO DUEL!
UHH...ASTER...
DON'T...UHH!
Adrian: FINE. I ACCEPT
YOUR LITTLE CHALLENGE.
BUT NOT HERE,
IT'S TOO DARK.
FOLLOW ME...
THERE--I'LL GO FIRST...
Crowler: ISN'T THIS CAVE
DARK TOO?
AM I MISSING SOMETHING?
Zane: HE WANTED TO BE
HERE FOR SOME REASON.
BE CAREFUL, ASTER.
Adrian: YES, ASTER--
BE CAREFUL.
Adrian and Aster:
GAME ON!
HANG IN THERE...
IT'S MY TURN!
I DRAW!
I SUMMON VORTEX TROOPER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
DUE TO MY TROOPER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY...
I CAN SEND TWO CARDS
TO MY DECK,
AND THEN
SHUFFLE THEM ALL UP.
AND NOW, I DRAW
TWO NEW CARDS.
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
[THINKING] SO
HE SUMMONED A MONSTER
THAT LETS HIM
SWAP CARDS AROUND.
WHAT KIND OF STRATEGY
HAS HE GOT GOING ON?
WHATEVER.
KEEP YOUR EYE
ON THE PRIZE, ASTER.
MY TURN--
I DRAW!
I SUMMON
A DESTINY HERO!
TIME FOR DIAMOND DUDE
TO SHINE!
FIRST, I'LL ACTIVATE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY.
IT LETS ME CHECK
MY DECK'S TOP CARD.
AND IF IT HAPPENS TO BE
A NORMAL SPELL...
THE SPELL WILL ACTIVATE
DURING MY NEXT
MAIN PHASE.
WELL, LOOK AT THAT.
IT'S A SPELL CARD.
WE'LL DEAL
WITH THAT LATER
'CAUSE DIAMOND DUDE'S
ABOUT TO ATTACK!
GO DIAMOND BLAST!
[ROARING]
WHEN VORTEX TROOPER
IS DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
I CAN DRAW A CARD
FROM MY DECK!
I PLACE TWO CARDS FACEDOWN--
YOUR MOVE, TRANSFER.
Adrian: SO IT IS, I DRAW...
AND SUMMON DEEP DIVER
IN DEFENSE MODE.
AFTER I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN,
I END MY TURN.
[THINKING] WHY ISN'T
HE ATTACKING?
SOMETHING TELLS ME
I'VE GOTTA
HURRY UP AND BEAT HIM
BEFORE WHATEVER HE'S
COOKING STARTS TO BOIL.
Zane: WHY DID ADRIAN WANT
TO DUEL ASTER DOWN HERE?
AND WHAT'S
HE PLANNING ON DOING
WITH ECHO'S DUEL ENERGY?
AND MY GUT'S TELLING ME
THAT BOTH QUESTIONS
ARE GONNA WIND UP
HAVING THE SAME ANSWER....
READY, ADRIAN?
MY MOVE!
AND GUESS WHAT?
DUE TO DIAMOND DUDE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CAN ACTIVATE
DESTINY DRAW.
SO I DRAW TWO CARDS
FROM MY DECK!
NOW, DESTINY DUDE
LETS ME CHECK
THE TOP CARD OF MY DECK
TO SEE
IF IT'S A NORMAL SPELL
OR NOT.
AND IT IS.
SO, I'LL JUST PUT IT
IN MY GRAVE FOR NOW
AND WAIT TILL NEXT ROUND
TO TRIGGER IT.
IF THERE IS ONE.
SAY THAT TO DESTINY
HERO DUNKER,
IN ATTACK MODE!
[ROARING]
WITH DUNKER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CAN SEND
A DESTINY HERO
FROM MY HAND
TO THE GRAVE
IN ORDER TO DISH OUT
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
I THINK IT'S TIME
FOR A CHANGE,
SO I'M ACTIVATING
THE FIELD SPELL
CLOCK TOWER PRISON!
BIG BEN? HMPH!
BIG DEAL!
NOW, I REVEAL
MY FACEDOWN CARDS!
WAIT A SEC--WHY PLAY TWO?
'CAUSE TIME'S
OF THE ESSENCE!
BY PLAYING TWO
ETERNAL DREAD TRAP CARDS,
I CAN WIND
MY CLOCK TOWER AHEAD
BY A TOTAL OF 12 HOURS.
THE BELL WILL TOLL
FOR THEE, ADRIAN.
AND NEXT, I PLAY
THE SPELL
MYSTICAL SPACE TYPHOON!
THIS LETS ME DESTROY
ONE SPELL OR TRAP
THAT I HAVE IN PLAY.
IF MY TOWER IS DESTROYED
WITH BOTH HANDS
AT 12, I CAN SUMMON UP
DESTINY HERO DREADMASTER
TO TAKE ITS PLACE!
[ROARING]
AND NOT ONLY THAT--
WHEN MY PRISON'S
SPECIAL EFFECT
GIVES DREADMASTER
HIS WAKE-UP CALL,
I GET TO SUMMON
ANOTHER DESTINY HERO
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
AND I CHOOSE
DESTINY HERO DISK COMMANDER!
THANKS TO
DISK COMMANDER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I GET TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS
FROM MY DECK.
AS FOR DREADMASTER'S
ATTACK POINTS,
YOU TAKE THE ORIGINAL
ATTACK POINTS
OF EVERY DESTINY HERO
ON MY FIELD,
ADD 'EM UP, AND BOOYA!
[ROARING]
NOW, THE FIRST STRIKE--
DUNKER ATTACKS
DEEP DIVER!
GO, POWER DUNK!
SECOND STRIKE,
DISK COMMANDER
AND DIAMOND DUDE
ATTACK YOU!
THIS THIRD STRIKE'S
GONNA TAKE YOU OUT!
LET'S GO, DREADMASTER!
SHOW THIS GUY
HIS TRUE DESTINY!
Adrian: I PLAY
MY FACEDOWN CARD,
DIMENSIONAL PRISON!
GREAT.
A COUNTER TRAP.
IT CAN ACTIVATE ANYTIME
YOU ATTACK ME
WITH A MONSTER.
AS FOR THE MONSTER--
SLOW DOWN, PAL!
IF DREADMASTER ATTACKS
ON THE TURN
HE'S SUMMONED,
MY DESTINY HEROES
CANNOT BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE,
AND THEY DON'T
TAKE DAMAGE.
I'M NOT DESTROYING
YOUR MONSTER.
I'M REMOVING IT
FROM PLAY.
AND HERE'S MORE BAD NEWS!
BECAUSE YOU SENT
MY DEEP DIVER
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY ACTIVATES,
LETTING ME SELECT
ONE CARD FROM MY DECK.
AND I PLACE THAT CARD
ON THE TOP.
I GET IT, HE MUST BE
STRENGTHENING HIS HAND,
TRYING TO BUILD IT UP
TO SUMMON SOMETHING BIG.
WAIT... OF COURSE.
I BETTER STOP THIS NOW
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!
HERE GOES--
I ACTIVATE
THE FORCE OF FOUR
SPELL CARD.
BECAUSE OF THIS SPELL,
BOTH PLAYERS CAN
ONLY HAVE FOUR CARDS
IN THEIR HANDS.
IF YOU TRY TO ADD
A FIFTH CARD
TO YOUR HAND,
IT GOES STRAIGHT
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
I HAVE THREE CARDS
IN MY HAND,
SO I'M GOOD TO GO.
BUT YOU GOTTA
DITCH ONE, TRANSFER.
YOU WERE ABOUT
TO COMPLETE EXODIA!
Adrian: THAT'S RIGHT.
WELL, YOU CAN'T DO IT
UNLESS YOU HAVE
ALL FIVE CARDS
IN YOUR HAND.
IT HURTS, I KNOW.
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE
ONE CARD SHORT!
WHAT IS IT?
THAT'S IT FOR ME.
THIS ISN'T OVER.
I DRAW.
LOOK AT THAT.
TOO BAD IT'S USELESS.
YOU GOT A BACKUP PLAN?
I SURE DO.
FROM MY GRAVE,
I ACTIVATE
THE RITUAL OF THE ULTIMATE
FORBIDDEN LORD SPELL CARD!
NO WAY...
THERE IT IS!
EXODIA!
WHAT IS THAT?
Adrian: IN ORDER
TO ACHIEVE MY DESTINY
AND RULE THIS WORLD,
I MUST CONTROL
EXODIA'S POWER.
BUT IN ORDER TO RELEASE
EXODIA FROM ITS CHAINS
AND HARNESS ITS ENERGY,
I MUST OFFER UP
THE DUEL ENERGY
OF SOMEONE CLOSE TO ME.
ADRIAN...
I TOLD YOU I NEEDED YOU
TO REALIZE MY GREATNESS.
ECHO, I CAN'T
DO THIS WITHOUT YOU.
AND YOU WON'T.
ECHO, NO.
DON'T DO IT.
I'D DO ANYTHING
TO WIN A DUEL,
BUT I'D NEVER
CROSS THIS LINE.
ADRIAN...
Crowler: UH, YOU DON'T
WANNA DO THIS, MISS ECHO.
COME ON, ECHO!
STOP IT!
HE'S USING YOU!
Aster: ECHO!